Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Carmen?
Oh, mon dieu,
you look  magnifique.
Thanks.
I'm going on a talk show
to promote my new album,
and I can't decide
what to wear.
Wear this.
Mon coeur,
what happened to our plan?
You were supposed to
seduce Jacklyn.
I know. I couldn't go
through with it.
She's been nothing
but nice to me.
Is that why you haven't
returned any of my calls?
No, I lost my stupid phone.
Oh, I thought you were
mad at me.
Where was the last place
you had it?
- If I knew, it wouldn't be lost.
- Oh, let's see.
The last text you sent was...
when you were with Jacklyn.
Oh, my God. I left my phone
at your house!
It's okay.
I'll go home and find it.
What if she already did?
- Thank you, Thomas.
- Is everything okay?
Remember when I said
I thought my husband
was having an affair?
Well, I finally know
who he's been screwing.
And the bitch is gonna pay.
- sync and corrections by Zac -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Oh, there you are.
Mr. Michael came to take
Katy for the weekend
and she couldn't find
her dolly.
It's in my car.
Uh, I'll get it to her.
- She was very upset.
- Oh.
I tried calling you,
but you didn't answer.
Sorry, I was, uh, at the gym.
And I had my...
phone turned off.
You've been going to
the gym a lot lately.
Every afternoon.
Yes, since the separation,
the... exercise has helped
clear my head.
I have
a really great... trainer.
That's good.
Anyway, uh,
I'm gonna take a shower.
Oh, wait.
I'm doing laundry.
You want me to throw in
your gym clothes?
Where is your bag?
I must've left it at the gym!
It's okay.
I'll call the gym for you.
Which one is it?
You know what?
I don't wanna trouble you.
I'll call them myself.
Uh, sorry to interrupt.
Carmen Luna to see you...
without an appointment.
You know,
it's not a good time, Carmen.
I just wanted to ask you if
I left my phone at your house.
You did.
Yeah, I found it
between the sofa cushions.
Thank God! I've been looking
for this everywhere.
Did your husband call me?
I'm sure he's been trying
to reach me.
Excuse me?
Why would Sebastien be
trying to reach you?
Oh, he's my realtor.
He didn't tell you?
So...
Let me get this straight.
Out of all the realtors
in town,
you chose my husband?
Mm-hmm. I wanna buy a condo.
And you told me that
he was in real estate.
So I thought you'd be happy.
Was that wrong?
I am... so relieved.
I mean, you... wow.
You wouldn't  believe
what's been going on in my mind.
I...you're so...
Such a beautiful woman and...
Sebastien is...
Wait, you... you thought
I would... with your husband?
No, no, I know.
I know, it's so stupid!
I mean, I was gonna murder you.
I'm glad you didn't.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
I assumed the worst.
Can you forgive me?
Oh, don't be ridiculous.
Of course I forgive you.
Oh! Thank you.
Ah! Well...
Now that that's out of
my system,
let's grab some coffee
so we can chat about
your big TV debut.
Hi.
I didn't know what
the traditional gift was
for accusing of
your boyfriend of murder,
so I went with a plant.
Don't kill it.
Seriously?
Oh, come on.
We're gonna laugh
about this someday.
Not today.
Jesse... I can't tell you
how sorry I am.
I...I just think I'm so used
to picking bad guys
that I didn't trust
when I finally had a good one.
- Look, I don't wanna be mad.
- Then don't be.
But that doesn't mean I can just
pick up where we left off.
You need time. I get it,
but... please, I just...
I don't wanna lose you
from my life.
Can I ask you a favor?
Yes, anything.
I still really need a job,
and I have this one lead.
I was hoping you would
give me a reference.
Of course! I'll give you
a killer recommendation.
Not that  you're a killer.
I think I'm gonna go now.
Yes, Genevieve, I'm taking
great care of Dr. Neff.
Trust me, I will win him over
before you come home.
Kiss the kids for me.
Mrs. Delatour having fun
in New York with Remi and...
Valentina.
Does Dr. Neff like mayo
or mustard on his sandwich?
Dijon mustard.
He and I got off
to a rocky start.
I am trying to impress him.
Got any tips for me?
Well...
you could smile more.
Smile more?
I guess I could do that.
You know, Dr. Neff is so happy
with Mrs. Delatour.
I don't think I've seen him
love him anyone this much
since... Lurlene passed.
Lurlene?
Which wife was she?
Lurlene was his mother.
He loved her more than
anyone in the world.
That... sounds healthy.
Dr. Neff,
I made you lunch.
Genevieve says turkey
is your favorite.
Well, that's very considerate.
Actually, turkey  is my favorite.
Oh, well, then you'll really
like what I'm making for dinner.
That looks positively
succulent.
Wonderful effort, Zoila,
but I don't want to spoil
my appetite.
Dios mio, señor.
I just mopped this floor
last week.
What? You only mop in here
once a week?
The point is,
that little boy of yours
- makes a very big mess.
- He's not my little boy.
He's just the crazy pet project
of my bored, deluded wi...
Well, hello there, dear.
Adrian, I have
some appointments tomorrow.
I will be gone all day.
I need you to watch Deion.
Oh, I'm sure Carmen
can babysit.
This isn't about Carmen.
This is about you
bonding with our child.
As lovely as that sounds,
I'm extremely busy tomorrow.
With what? Golf?
And also a nap.
Just take Deion along
to the club.
He'll love the fresh air.
Need I remind you,
I didn't want the b-o-y
in the first place.
I can spell, you know.
This is not a negotiation.
You're going to spend the day
with our little boy,
and that's that.
What's so funny?
You're her bitch.
Mr. Michael thinks Mrs. Taylor's
having an affair?
Mm-hmm.
I bet the affair's
with her trainer.
- What?
- Every day, Mrs. Taylor says
she's going to the gym,
but I don't think
she's exercising.
That's ridiculous.
Taylor is not sleeping
with her trainer.
Well, she's having an affair
with somebody.
How would you even know that?
Because she's the maid.
If a spouse is cheating,
we're always the first to know.
Not  always.
When Genevieve's fourth husband
was cheating on her, I knew.
And when she was cheating
on him, I knew that, too.
- They were both cheating?
- Nobody ever slept at home.
I never had to make the bed.
That was a great marriage.
If Mr. Michael said the affair's
been going on for months,
then maybe Blanca knew
about it, too.
Wait. At Zoila's wedding,
Blanca told me
there was something going on
at that house.
And you're just telling us now?
What? I was mad.
She took my dress!
And let's not forget,
it's still out there somewhere.
Yes, Blanca's dead,
but that's the big mystery.
#Where'sCarmen'sdress?
Maybe Mrs. Taylor
was asking Blanca
to keep her affair a secret.
But Blanca had a big mouth,
so Taylor took her out.
No, Taylor didn't do it.
Whoever killed Louie
killed Blanca.
And to chop up a body,
the killer would have
to be strong.
- Someone in really good shape.
- Like a trainer?
I'm just saying.
If Mrs. Taylor is
not the killer,
then maybe her lover is.
Hello. Oh, is Lorraine in?
I have an appointment.
Oh, you must be Mrs. Powell.
I'm Natalie,
your new case worker.
Oh.
What happened to Lorraine?
Lorraine's job is
to place children.
My job is to determine
if that placement is working.
Well, it is lovely to meet you.
May I add, I simply adore
that blazer.
Is it polyester?
Lorraine may have fallen for that
kind of sweet talk, but not me.
I need to conduct a home visit
and confirm
Deion's living conditions
are satisfactory.
Oh, his living conditions
are more than satisfactory.
I don't like to use
the word "mansion,"
but it's a mansion.
Well, the size of your home
is irrelevant.
You might feel differently
if you saw it by helicopter.
Now I see there hasn't been
an interview
with Mr. Powell yet.
I believe Lorraine
handled that.
So you can just check
that little box.
I don't cut corners,
not when the welfare
of a child is at stake.
I'll be there
tomorrow at 3:00.
Make sure your husband
is present.
Of course.
He'll be so excited.
This is boring.
Well, we should be
playing golf.
But somebody took so long
finding his shoes this morning
that I missed my tee time.
I want chocolate milk.
It's a country club.
They don't have that.
Mom would get it for me.
Her name is Evelyn.
Evelyn.
It's a very simple combination
of the words
"evil" and "villain."
Mr. Powell, lovely to see you.
And who's your little guest?
This is Deion, my...
foster child.
Oh, I-I know children
aren't allowed
in the dining room, but...
No, it's not a problem.
I think what you're doing
is wonderful.
And what am I doing, exactly?
Well, becoming a foster parent.
Last year, my husband and I
adopted a baby girl
from Vietnam.
How liberal of you.
Well, I hope we'll be seeing
more of you
and your beautiful family.
Lunch is on the house today.
Well, thank you.
Do you think it's possible
you could scare up
some chocolate milk for Deion?
Of course.
And if there's anything else
I can do,
please, just let me know.
Oh, how about a tee time?
Oh, I'll have them
squeeze you in.
Well, that was unexpected.
Not really.
White people love me.
Oh! Is this your little boy?
Oh, he's adorable!
Yeah, I suppose
he gets that from me.
Oh, my God, Olivia.
What are you doing here?
I let myself in. You really
should lock your doors.
There are a lot of nut jobs
out there.
Yeah, I was just thinking
the same thing.
How long has it been?
A while!
I was still working
for Michael and Taylor.
You were stalking them.
I'm afraid I was a bit
unstable back then.
But I can assure you,
I am perfectly sane now.
Yeah...
Have you spoken to Taylor?
I heard about the breakup.
So sad.
You don't look sad.
Anyway, I'm here because
I'm looking to hire a new maid.
Sorry, I don't have anyone...
for you.
Oh, no. I'm not looking to use
your little agency.
I've actually found the maid.
I just need a reference
for Jesse Morgan.
Jesse wants to work for you?
Well, I hated
my last cleaning lady,
so I thought I'd try
a cleaning  man.
Is he any good?
Uh... well, uh...
Oh, dear. That bad, huh?
No, no, Jesse's...
He's great.
I'm just not sure that  you
would be a good fit for him.
Because I'm such
a perfectionist.
Thank you for your candor,
Marisol.
I miss this.
We should do it again sometime.
Definitely.
What are you doing?
I'm cleaning the chandelier.
You took it down
from the ceiling?
Well, don't worry.
I'll put it back.
But I dusted it yesterday.
You don't have to go
to all the trouble.
Oh, I don't mind.
I'm just giving it
a good scrubbing.
I told you, I am trying
to impress Dr. Neff.
But I can't do that if you
keep one-upping me.
I don't believe in
doing things halfway so...
But everything you're doing
goes against "Maid Code."
- What's that?
- Maids have an understanding.
We've got each other's backs.
Sometimes you let me shine,
sometimes I let you shine...
Okay, first, I don't think
"Maid Code" is a thing,
and I intend to ask around.
And second,
I refuse to do bad job
just because you can't keep up.
But you're supposed to be
helping me while I'm pregnant.
Well, the truth is, if you
want to impress Dr. Neff,
try being more...
impressive.
See? That's helping you.
Oh.
You wanna dance, chica ?
Okay.
Let's dance.
Don't touch that.
It belongs to Dr. Neff.
Well, the dust on it
belongs to Genevieve.
It's very precious to him.
I'll take care of it.
I can clean a vase,
you lunatic!
Aah!
Uhh!
What the hell was in there?
Lurlene!
Adrian, I'll be brief.
Child services is paying us
a visit tomorrow,
and they want to meet you.
Fine,
I'll change my plans... again.
Deion, what the...
- Darling?
- No! No, no, no, no!
I have to go.
Ah...
My horse lost?
He was a favorite!
I told you not to bet
on the favorite.
Next time, I'll listen to you.
Sorry I'm late.
What's the matter?
Adrian hates our foster son.
Tomorrow, we have a home visit
from child services,
and I am certain Adrian
will do something to ruin it.
- Oh, dear.
- I just wish there was
something I could do
to get that man to behave.
- You should drug him.
- Beg pardon?
Drug him, make sure
he's good and relaxed.
You're crazy.
I'm sorry.
That was insensitive.
Oh, it's fine.
Everyone knows I had some
mild anger issues
after Michael divorced me.
Then... I discovered
these sweet little babies.
Now I'm happy as a clam.
It won't help me if
he passes out at the table.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
In my experience, they just
put you in a state of bliss,
even in the worst
of circumstances.
Do you really think
it could work?
Well...
I took one 10 minutes ago,
and I'm finding  you
utterly delightful.
Dr. Neff is gonna be so upset.
What am I gonna do?
First, you're gonna get up
and dust yourself off.
Just try not to track Lurlene
all over the house.
Don't make jokes.
This is serious.
I'm covered
in Dr. Neff's mom!
It's okay.
Accidents happen.
Not to me!
He thinks I'm perfect.
So you're not perfect.
He'll live.
No, you don't understand.
I owe him.
What do you mean?
My dad took off
when I was little,
and then my mom got sick.
We couldn't afford a doctor,
but Dr. Neff took care
of her anyway.
And then after she...
He gave me this job.
He took care of me like a dad.
So you don't want to
disappoint him.
If he finds out about this,
I'll be devastated.
Then...
We won't let him find out.
What are you doing?!
That's not Lurlene!
It is now.
I told you how important
that job was.
Why did you tank me?
I didn't tank you!
I said you were great.
You told ms. Rice
I wasn't a good fit for her.
No, I said  she wasn't
a good fit for  you.
- Olivia is nuts!
- So?
Look, working for Olivia
isn't your only option.
I've already lined up
two job possibilities for you.
She pays 40 bucks an hour.
Whoa, she really is crazy.
All you had to do
was say I was good.
Look, I know you're mad,
but you don't know
all of the things she's done.
Do we really want that
kind of drama in our lives?
In  our lives?
Marisol, do you think
we're getting back together?
Well...
Not right now, but someday.
You just said you needed
more time.
No, you said
I needed more time.
Oh.
I thought...
I don't know what I thought.
I-I'm sorry, I...
No, no.
It's my fault,
and... and don't worry.
I'll... I'll talk
to Olivia again,
and I'll get her to hire you.
It's the least I can do.
- Jacklyn bought our story?
- Yeah.
So we're in the clean?
Yes, but  mira, we have to stop
seeing each other for a while.
Why?
We got away with it.
Because I'm this close
to getting what I want,
and Jacklyn is the key.
I don't wanna screw it up.
We just have to be
more careful.
No, we cannot be together
until the album drops.
So not more calling,
no stopping by, no more nothing.
Mm-hmm.
Okay?
Okay.
Sebastien, what did I just say?
You said that we're not gonna see
each other for a while.
That means we're gonna have
to make this one count.
Why are you so good at that?
Because I'm French.
Just this one last time.
Yeah.
When do you think
you'll be back from México?
All right.
Well, Ernesto, I have to go.
Hasta luego, mi amor.
Hey, Rosie, I'm heading out.
Going to the gym?
Yep, I have my, uh,
bag right here.
You look so nice.
Your hair is all done.
You've got your makeup on.
- So?
- Well, if I were you,
I wouldn't want to get all
sweaty right now.
Okay, uh, well, I'm, uh,
I'm leaving my phone on
in case you need me.
Don't worry, Mrs. Taylor.
You go have fun
with your trainer.
Put your shoes on, papito.
We're going for a ride.
Mami, that was a stop sign.
Play your game, mijo.
- Where are we going?
- It's a secret.
I have to pee.
You're a big boy. Hold it.
Why are we at the park?
Don't you have to go
to the bathroom?
Ay. Spence?
I'll just be a moment, Natalie.
Why don't you have a seat?
Uh, where's Mr. Powell?
Upstairs.
He's, uh, so looking forward
to meeting you.
Really?
Oh, yes.
He, uh, keeps going on and on
about it.
Let me go fetch him.
Here I am.
What's all this?
We're twins!
Can you tell us apart?
Adrian.
This interview could alter
the course of Deion's life.
I will not allow you to make
a mockery of it.
Now come.
I've made you a drink.
Oh, is this yours?
I'm sorry. I was parched.
Rosie, what are you doing here?
Are you having an affair with
Mrs. Taylor?
No. Why would you ask that?
I took Miguel to the park today,
and I saw you together.
Oh. Well...
Taylor's just a friend.
I rented her house, remember?
If she's just your friend,
how come she slapped you?
Honestly, uh, that's personal.
Oh, my God.
You  are having an affair
with her.
No, no,... it's it's not
like that. I swear.
Were you with her
when we were together?
Of course not.
Did you start sleeping with her
when I was in the hospital?
Stop it.
This is all in your head.
Last time I was here,
you told me you still loved me.
But you were screwing her
this whole time!
I am not the one that walked out
on us. That was all you.
Again?
I can't even look at you.
I'm so glad you wanted to meet.
This is fun.
So fun.
Listen, I have to
tell you something.
- Girlfriend to girlfriend.
- That sounds juicy.
The other day
when I told you
that Jesse wouldn't be
a good fit for you,
I lied.
Why would you do that?
When Jesse worked for me,
our relationship became...
romantic.
It's over now.
Not by my choice.
Oh, dear, this is juicy.
Anyway, Jesse is very attracted
to older women.
Obviously, if he dated you.
Uh-huh.
Well, when I thought
of him at your house
with you being so...
lovely and smart...
Oh, my goodness.
You were jealous.
I was.
But Jesse really is
a wonderful maid.
And you would be a fool
not to hire him.
Say no more.
He's got the job.
Ah. Terrific.
And don't worry about Jesse
and me getting involved.
I'm seeing someone.
Oh!
Who's the lucky fellow?
I suppose there's no reason
to keep it a secret
now that they're separated.
It's Michael!
Michael?
We've been seeing each other
for months.
What about Taylor?
Well, the whore's finally
getting a taste
of her own medicine.
Her husband left her,
she's a single mother,
and that whole thing with
her maid getting murdered.
Excuse me?
Her whole life
is falling apart.
I couldn't have planned it
better myself.
Is Deion going to public school
or public school?
We've secured him a spot
at Beverly Country Day.
It's private.
It's private?
That sounds so fancy.
You're a couple
of fancy Nancies.
That's a little rude.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Is your name Nancy?
Ha ha ha! Ha  ha!
Okay, now tell me
about Deion's diet.
Mostly we feed him
glass and poison.
Wonderful, wonderful.
Natalie, will you give us
a moment?
I will
if you will give me  this.
I think this woman's on drugs.
What? That's absurd.
♪ Oh, Deion boy ♪
♪ The pipes, the pipes
are calling ♪
Okay, I drugged her.
Why would you do that?
It was an accident.
I was trying to drug you.
- Oh, my God.
- I didn't want you to sabotage this.
I thought you'd leap
at the chance
to have Deion taken away.
Look, I know I said I was
afraid of getting attached,
but the truth is,
he's growing on me.
You mean that?
If you wanna make Deion
a part of the family,
I'm willing to give it a try.
Adrian, that makes me so happy
to hear you say that.
Is it just me,
or is this floor amazing?
She's going to be a problem.
Hey, your segment's up next.
Why do you look nervous as hell?
Because I'm nervous as hell.
Oh, honey,
live tv can be nerve-racking.
Pre-show jitters
are perfectly normal.
It's more than that.
It's everything.
It's being on TV and the album.
It's all finally happening,
and I'm... I'm freaking out!
Could you give us a minute?
Now come on. Carmen,
you're always so confident.
What's going on?
I've been trying to be
a singer since forever.
It's been my dream.
But so many people along the way
said I wasn't good enough.
And... What if
they were right?
They're not.
How do you know?
Because  I believe in you.
And I'm the best
in the business.
So if I say you're good,
you're good.
Yeah.
- Thank you, Jacklyn...
- Oh.
For everything.
Now get out there
and enjoy the moment.
Trust me, you deserve this.
- Yes.
- Mm-hmm.
Welcome back to
"Hey, LA with Reese & Rick."
And if you're just joining us,
you missed Chef Kevin making
these amazing cake balls.
They are actually amazeballs.
Can I say that? Is that dirty?
Okay.
Our next guest is a rising star
on the pop scene.
Her album drops next week.
Here she is... Carmen Luna.
- Whoo!
- Welcome, Carmen.
You look fabulous.
Thank you so much...
mwah... for having me here.
Mwah.
Yeah, so you are obviously
new to the music scene.
Tell us about Carmen Luna.
For example, are you single?
- Oh!
- What? I can't even ask?
Actually,
I am completely in love...
with my album.
Well, a little birdie told me
that you are going to be
a big sensation.
Ah, that was probably
my producer, Jacklyn Dussault.
I just wanna give
a shout out to her
and everyone who has ever
believed in me.
Oh, that's so sweet.
Well, why don't we get
a taste for your music?
Let's watch
your new music video.
Great! That video was
so much fun to shoot.
Dámelo, dámelo! Ah!
Sebastien!
Yowza.
Oh, good.
Wait, that... that...
Stop that, that's not it.
That's not it. Stop that, please.
That's not it. Commercial.
- Somebody stop that.
- Cut to commercial.
Jacklyn!
Hello, ladies.
Hi, Dr. Neff.
Oh, Zoila.
How nice to see you
with a smile... for a change.
Well, Mother has certainly been
polished to a lovely sheen.
Nicely done, Joy.
Wait a minute.
Why is Mother so light?
Light? Is she light?
I don't see
how she could be light.
What on God's green earth is
going on here, Joy?
Uh, well...
Uh...
I dropped the urn.
I accidentally spilled
your mother's ashes.
- You  what?
- I was dusting,
and Joy told me not to touch it,
but I thought I knew better.
For God's sake, Zoila,
this was my mother.
It still is...
mostly.
You can rest assured,
Genevieve is gonna hear
about this.
I understand.
You took the blame for me.
Like I said, Maid Code.
We got each other's back.
But just so you know,
Spence and I are not having
an affair.
Did he tell you to say that?
No.
It's the truth.
We're in an addiction
support group together.
Before you started working here,
I had an overdose.
I was taking
some prescription pills.
I thought that
that was an accident.
It was, but it was also
a wake-up call.
I realized that I'd become
dependent on those pills.
I was using them as a crutch.
So I decided to get help.
I started going to meetings.
Uh, Spence was
in the same group.
I already knew him, so I
asked him to be my sponsor.
He's been helping me
get my life back together.
So then how come
you slapped him?
With you working here, he felt
it was getting too complicated.
He told me he can't
sponsor me anymore.
Oh, my gosh.
I-I guess I just...
I snapped.
Michael had just left me.
It felt like spence was
abandoning me, too.
I wish he would've
just told me.
He couldn't.
The support group is anonymous.
He was protecting me.
He's a good guy, Rosie.
You're lucky to have him
in your life.
Go away.
Mon coeur, I saw the show.
I'm so, so sorry.
My life is ruined.
You think Jacklyn is going
to work with me now?
I have nothing.
You have me.
Jacklyn wants a divorce.
We don't have to hide anymore.
Maybe that's the silver lining.
Sebastien, this relationship
was a mistake.
How could you say that
after everything we've done
to be together?
What have we done?!
We cheated on your wife.
We lied to her. We used her.
We were horrible!
You're upset.
You're not thinking clearly.
I'm thinking clearly for
the first time in forever.
I hate who I am
when I'm with you.
Mon coeur...
I need you.
No, Sebastien.
It's over.
What happened?
Well, we opened a lovely bottle
of Bordeaux.
You had three glasses
and got a little tipsy.
And we thought it best
if you slept it off.
You don't remember?
No.
Because it never happened.
I don't drink!
You people drugged me!
That's ludicrous.
Well, it'll be a cold day
in hell
before I allow a child
to live here.
What? Adrian!
Now just hold on.
There must be something
we can do.
Excuse me.
Yes, Deion.
I took funny pictures of you.
Not now, sweetheart.
No, no, look,
she was acting all weird.
I think your boss would like
to see these pictures.
Deion, give that to me.
Not so fast.
We'll keep them safe for you,
provided Deion can remain
in our custody.
Oh, my God! This little boy
is extorting me!
I know.
Turns out he's a Powell
after all.
Taylor told you
about our support group?
And I think you should
keep being her sponsor.
She needs your help.
Her marriage is over.
You can't leave her, too.
You'd be okay with that?
I'm sorry I got so angry.
I guess thinking of you
with another woman
still makes me crazy.
Believe me, I understand.
Which cheek did I slap?
That one.
Better?
Well, Taylor slapped
the other one.
That hurts, too.
You're a great man,
Mr. Spence.
You always do the right thing.
Yeah.
I hate that about me.
Don't be a stranger, okay?
Dr. Neff?
Zoila feels really awful
about what happened.
It's not just about the ashes.
Ever since I moved in here,
Zoila has been
trying to undermine
my relationship with Genevieve.
Oh, I don't know about that.
Oh, I do.
And sooner or later,
Genevieve is going to have to
choose between us.
And you are going to help her
make the right choice.
I am?
Yes.
I'm counting on you, Joy.
I'm sorry.
She ran right past me.
It's okay, Thomas.
I wanna hear
what she has to say.
Well?
I am so, so sorry.
When I met Sebastien, I didn't
know how amazing you were.
So it was okay to screw him
because you didn't know me?
Look, I don't expect you
to forgive me,
but I just wanted you to know
that I ended it with him.
I don't...
I don't care
about Sebastien anymore.
But you wanna know
what hurts the most?
I thought you and I
were friends.
If it means anything, Jacklyn,
that part was real.
It means nothing at all.
Anyway...
I completely understand
why the label
would wanna drop me.
Oh, we're not dropping you.
What? You're still gonna
release my album?
I didn't say that.
I don't understand.
We have you under
an exclusive contract.
So your album is gonna sit
on a shelf and rot.
What? You can't do that!
Of course I can.
You can't make music
anywhere else.
I own you.
So Mrs. Taylor
isn't having an affair.
You were right.
I've been thinking, and maybe
you were on to something.
I spoke to Michael's ex,
Olivia,
and she claims that she's been
seeing him behind Taylor's back.
Maybe Blanca knew,
and that's why she was killed.
Maybe.
I can't imagine why Michael
would go back to Olivia.
She's... certifiable.
She could be making it up.
- There's something else.
- Hmm?
She said Blanca was murdered.
But everyone thinks
Blanca killed herself.
Except us.
The killer knows the truth.
You think Mr. Michael's ex-wife
murdered Blanca?
If she did, she had help.
She couldn't do it alone.
Ay. This is crazy.
Yeah, well... so is Olivia.
I just wanted to let you know
that I'm sending you
the rest of your money.
Everything's working out
just as I planned.
No, no, you've done more than
enough for me.
I'll take it from here.
- sync and corrections by Zac -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org